that August is the anniversary month of the
city of the serenas and one of the
activities that monopolizes attention is
the choice of the queen this time are 12
the candidates who are going to play
to become sovereign in the
second oldest city in the country
we all know them in the
next note
50 young ladies went to the casting and
only 12 are selected for
compete in a new version of the month the
serene the official presentation was made
in the patio of the recova a symbol of
the city and there several spoke of what
which represents this beauty contest
the experience of meeting new people
the girls are very nice all and for
supposed to pass a pleasant or very pleasant
time with the girls and enjoy more
that nothing to learn enough to win every
our security and exploit what
each one has look for each of
we have a different charm me
liked the contest to meet people and
to see other areas that I'm not
used for example the catwalk the
photography is my first time in a
contest so from the municipality not yet
All the activities of the
anniversary month but you do know that the
candidates will have a participation
preponderant and the winning presence
the 12 months that his reign lasts is
reigns for a whole year which means that
leads to participate in all events
that the municipality has and that what
it means to give importance this reign
it's not a pretty face but that aside
pretty face is culture is to know your
city is to show out the
borders of the serene 'what is the
city in what is our beauty
and to gain in representativeness it
they searched for candidates from all
sectors of the commune including
rural locations and my motivation more
that nothing this contest is to give the best and
be the representative face of serena
but more in the rural area since they are very
left aside and few people remember
from us where from the sun's height
I'm super happy that they have taken me
in consideration I would like to make a
lots of things for my city that
remember the candidate for my serena
If you can also vote for your
preferred candidate because from the 1st of
August voting will be open
online on the municipality's website the
serena will have new queen on 30
August when the coronation takes place
in the verbena do in the pse